So as you can see sets are very useful for keeping track of your values and you can even use loops to
work with them sequentially.
However you can't really access individual values within your set using something like an indices for
example.
That's really where you would need to convert your set into an array.
The way you do that is pretty simple though.
We'll make a new set just to illustrate it and we'll do a new set and pass in an array.
So as you can see it's easy to convert an array into a set and it's just as easy to convert a set into
an array so you are equals and then Curly braid or square brackets dot dot dot set.
Now if you remember the spread operator from previous sessions.
Essentially what we would do is call a funk and then if we passed an array as an argument we could just
do dot dot dot array or whatever the array was and it would break apart that array into individual items
to be used as separate arguments.
Whenever you're working with an iterable object like a set like an array like a map you can also use
this spread operator to break it apart into individual indices to be put into an array.
So we're going to talk about iterable objects later but for now just know that said array and map are
all iterable objects.
And that's actually the reason that we can so easily turn an array into a set.
Now if I cancel the log set and array.
You'll see that both of them are still available.
We have our set right here and then we have our array right here.
They're both still available.
I just took the set and made a copy of it.
But I turned it into an array using this spread OPERATOR Right here.
So these can be very useful if you want to get rid of duplicate.
So for example I could do a function to eliminate limen eliminate do lockets like so and it'll take
items and then all I got to do is return square brackets new or excuse me dot dot dot dot dot dot new
set and then pass in the items like so and then I could pass in something crazy like for example canceled
log and I just want to convert or log the result eliminate duplicates and I'll pass in an array of like
1 1 1 2 2 3 3 4 4 4 4 5 5 and so it will be a very useful way to actually get rid of your duplicates
as well as kind of a little side trick right there.
And you can see it just completely wiped it out and returned it again as an array.
First converting it into a set.
Then after it was turned into a set it clearly turns into an array that gets returned.